Luna was also brought in by him
If you don't believe me, you can look at the tear stains on his body.
He also said that Fei Ge meant what he meant
He is the real boss of the company
Brother Fei, you believe in me, Brother Fei
Take it away and deal with it.
Brother Fei, Brother Fei, Brother Fei, you have to believe me
Brother Fei, Brother Fei, Brother Fei, I am Brother Fei of the Demon King.
Are you still a million-fan Internet celebrity?
Amazing
I didn't hide what you meant.
Don't be afraid.
You've heard that the company is short of people now
The company is now arranging for you to do high-end handrails.
As long as you are obedient in the future
Make sure you eat and drink spicy food in the future
But also personal freedom
So what should I do?
You just go out and take pictures of the scenery
Paipai Food
Publicize how good the resources are here
Earn more, spend less
Naturally someone took the bait
OK